####
### Shoot
####

[power]
id=42
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/shoot.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=43
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/shoot.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=44
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/shoot.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt



####
### Haste
####

[power]
id=45
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/haste.txt
post_effect=haste,120,10s
requires_mp=4

[power]
id=46
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/haste.txt
post_effect=haste,140,10s
requires_mp=8

[power]
id=47
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/haste.txt
post_effect=haste,160,10s
requires_mp=12

[power]
id=48
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/haste.txt
post_effect=haste,180,10s
requires_mp=16

[power]
id=49
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/haste.txt
post_effect=haste,200,10s
requires_mp=20



####
### Piercing Shot
####

[power]
id=50
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_1.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=51
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_2.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=52
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_3.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=53
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_4.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=54
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_5.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=55
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=56
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=57
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=58
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=59
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=60
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=61
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=62
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=63
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=64
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/piercing_shot_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt



####
### Rapid Fire
####

[power]
id=65
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_1.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=66
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_2.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=67
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_3.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=68
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_4.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=69
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_5.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=70
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=71
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=72
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=73
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=74
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=75
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=76
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=77
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=78
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=79
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/rapid_fire_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt



####
### Multishot
####

[power]
id=80
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_1.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=81
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_2.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=82
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_3.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=83
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_4.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=84
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_5.txt
meta_power=true

[power]
id=85
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=86
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=87
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=88
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=89
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_stone.txt

[power]
id=90
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_1.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=91
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_2.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=92
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_3.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=93
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_4.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt

[power]
id=94
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/multishot_5.txt
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ammo_arrow.txt



####
### Ember Shot
####

[power]
id=95
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ember_shot.txt
requires_mp=2
count=10

[power]
id=96
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ember_shot.txt
requires_mp=4
count=15

[power]
id=97
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ember_shot.txt
requires_mp=6
count=20

[power]
id=98
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ember_shot.txt
requires_mp=8
count=25

[power]
id=99
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/ember_shot.txt
requires_mp=10
count=30



####
### Caltrops
####

[power]
id=100
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/caltrops.txt
requires_mp=2
cooldown=2s

[power]
id=101
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/caltrops.txt
requires_mp=4
cooldown=1600ms

[power]
id=102
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/caltrops.txt
requires_mp=6
cooldown=1200ms

[power]
id=103
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/caltrops.txt
requires_mp=8
cooldown=800ms

[power]
id=104
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/caltrops.txt
requires_mp=10
cooldown=400ms



####
### Bear Trap
####

[power]
id=105
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/bear_trap.txt
requires_mp=3
cooldown=2s

[power]
id=106
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/bear_trap.txt
requires_mp=6
cooldown=1600ms

[power]
id=107
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/bear_trap.txt
requires_mp=9
cooldown=1200ms

[power]
id=108
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/bear_trap.txt
requires_mp=12
cooldown=800ms

[power]
id=109
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/bear_trap.txt
requires_mp=16
cooldown=400ms



####
### Bear Trap (post animation)
####

[power]
id=110
type=fixed
animation=animations/powers/bear_trap_trigger.txt
use_hazard=true
no_attack=true
directional=true
lifespan=3s
starting_pos=target



####
### Wolf's Eye
####

[power]
id=111
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/wolfs_eye.txt

[power]
id=112
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/wolfs_eye.txt

[power]
id=113
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/wolfs_eye.txt

[power]
id=114
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/wolfs_eye.txt

[power]
id=115
INCLUDE powers/base/ranger/wolfs_eye.txt

